PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
Marik: THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN,
AND EVERYTHING THAT I NEED
TO GAIN INFINITE POWER
WILL BE IN ONE PLACE.
Odion:
THAT'S RIGHT, MARIK.
THIS IS WHERE I
NEED YOUR HELP, ODION.
I MUST HIDE MY IDENTITY.
EVERYONE SHALL THINK
YOU ARE ME.
AS FOR MYSELF,
THOSE FOOLS ALREADY
BELIEVE ME TO BE
A FRIEND NAMED NAMU.
I'LL GAIN THEIR TRUST,
THEN CRUSH THEM
WITH THE WINGED DRAGON
OF RA!
HEY, LOOK!
THE FIRST 3 FINALISTS--
JOEY, YUGI AND MAI!
SOMEONE ELSE IS ARRIVING.
Yugi: HEY!
THAT'S BAKURA!
BAKURA!
YOU SHOULD
GET BACK TO
THE HOSPITAL!
I'M FINE.
Yugi: WHAT ARE
YA DOING WEARING
A DUEL DISC?
Bakura:
HOW ELSE COULD I
WIN 6 LOCATOR CARDS
AND ENTER
THE FINALS!?
[THINKING]
PERFECT.
HE'S HOLDING UP HIS END
OF OUR BARGAIN.
THE FOOL IS DUELING FOR ME!
IT'S TIME TO ANNOUNCE...
THAT ALTHOUGH
YOUR LOCATOR CARDS
LED YOU HERE,
THIS IS NOT THE SITE
OF THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
LOOK! UP THERE!
IT'S KAIBA'S BLIMP!
SO WE'RE DUELING
IN THE SKY?
YOU GOT IT!
IT'S TIME TO BOARD
KAIBA KRAFT 3
FOR THE START OF
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH
IS IN THE GAME ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
Mai: I HAVE TO ADMIT
THE BLIMP IS A NICE TOUCH
AND KAIBA SPARED
NO EXPENSE...
BUT I'M READY
TO STOP SCHMOOZING
AND START DUELING!
WELL, I WISH YOU
THE BEST OF LUCK
IN THE FINALS, MAI.
WHO NEEDS LUCK!?
Joey: I CAN'T BELIEVE
KAIBA SERVED UP
FANCY CHOW LIKE DIS
AND MADE IT
"ALL YOU CAN EAT."
HE'S GONNA BE SORRY
BY DA TIME I'M THROUGH!
HUH?
[THINKING]
IT'S MARIK!
I CAN'T STAND
DAT GUY!
DAT MIND-CONTROLLING
MENACE
IS GONNA GET WHAT'S
COMIN' TO 'IM.
JUST WAIT TILL
HE HAS TO DUEL ME!
HUH?
SORRY, MY BAD.
THAT'S
QUITE ALL RIGHT.
EVERYONE SEEMS
ON EDGE.
YEAH, PRE-FINAL JITTERS.
BY DA WAY, HOW'D YOU
QUALIFY SO FAST, ANYWAY?
WELL, I WON ALL 6
LOCATOR CARDS
AT ONCE.
HUH? NO WAY, BAKURA!
YOU WON 6 CARDS
IN ONE DUEL!?
IT CAN'T BE!
Bakura:
IT WAS SIMPLE.
I BATTLED BONZ
AND HIS GANG OF
ZOMBIE DUELISTS
IN THE CEMETERY.
WHEN I DEFEATED THEM
USING SOME GHOSTS
OF MY OWN,
I GOT THEM TO GIVE UP
ALL THEIR LOCATOR CARDS.
BUT HOW!?
WELL...
LET'S JUST SAY
I DIDN'T GIVE
THOSE FELLOWS
MUCH CHOICE.
YOU...FORCED...THEM?
SORT OF.
[THINKING]
DUELIN' BONZ
IN A CEMETERY
AND FORCIN' HIM
TO GIVE UP EVERYTHING...
DAT'S CREEPY.
HEH. SEE YA LATER.
RIGHT. CHEERIO
AND GOOD LUCK
IN YOUR FIRST DUEL.
[THINKING]
IT'LL BE GOOD LUCK
IF I DON'T HAVE TO DUEL HIM!
Tea: YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU JUST SAW
A ZOMBIE, JOEY.
NAH, IT'S JUST
THE SHRIMP--
I THINK IT'S BEEN
SITTING OUT TOO LONG.
JUST DON'T
THROW UP ON ME.
HEY,
WHAT'S THE HOLDUP?
WHEN ARE WE GONNA FIND OUT
WHO WE DUEL, KAIBA?
HMM. YOU'RE
IN QUITE A RUSH
JUST TO LOSE,
WHEELER.
LET'S BEGIN THIS...NOW.
Fuguta: SORRY, MR. KAIBA,
BUT ONLY 7 FINALISTS
ARE PRESENT.
SHALL I BRING UP
THE EIGHTH ONE?
YES. NOW!
LET'S GO.
HUH?
WHAT'S THAT THING?
Roland:
FINALISTS AND GUESTS,
MAY I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION
PLEASE?
NOW, THE FIRST TWO DUELISTS
FOR ROUND ONE
WILL BE CHOSEN BY LOTTERY.
Mai: WHAT'S
THE JACKPOT?
TO GUARANTEE FAIRNESS,
EACH PAIR OF OPPONENTS
WILL BE SELECTED
COMPLETELY AT RANDOM.
YOU'VE ALL BEEN ASSIGNED
A NUMBER FROM 1 THROUGH 8.
THE SELECTOR WILL NOW CHOOSE
THE FIRST TWO NUMBERS.
THE SECOND PAIR OF NUMBERS
WILL NOT BE DRAWN
UNTIL A WINNER IS DECLARED
IN THE FIRST DUEL.
THUS YOU WILL NOT KNOW
YOUR OPPONENT'S IDENTITY
UNTIL JUST BEFORE YOU DUEL.
I'M FIGHTING THE URGE
TO YELL OUT "BINGO!"
GO AHEAD,
I'LL LAUGH.
Roland: ALL 8 BALLS ARE OF
EQUAL SIZE AND WEIGHT.
THE SELECTOR PRODUCES RESULTS
THAT ARE 100% RANDOM.
DOES EVERYONE REMEMBER
HIS OR HER NUMBER?
Ishizu: ENTER.
I BEG YOUR PARDON,
MA'AM.
WHAT IS IT?
MR. KAIBA HAS REQUESTED
YOUR PRESENCE AT ONCE.
IN ORDER TO WATCH
THE FINALISTS
BEING PAIRED OFF
FOR THE FIRST DUEL...
ISN'T THAT RIGHT?
THAT'S CORRECT.
THEN MY PRESENCE
IS NOT REQUIRED.
SOME THINGS
CANNOT BE EXPLAINED,
BUT I CAN ASSURE YOU
WITH CERTAINTY
THAT I WILL NOT BE CHOSEN
FOR THE FIRST DUEL.
HUH?
[THINKING]
BUT I KNOW WHO WILL...
AND THE FATE
OF THE ENTIRE WORLD
DEPENDS UPON HIS VICTORY.
WE SHALL NOW BEGIN SELECTING
THE FIRST TWO DUELISTS
FOR THE FINALS, ROUND ONE!
I'LL ENGAGE THE MACHINE.
RANDOM SELECT!
REMEMBER,
IF YOUR NUMBER IS CHOSEN,
YOU'LL BE PARTICIPATING
IN THE FIRST DUEL OF
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
AND THE FIRST DUELIST IS...
NUMBER 6!
BAKURA!
ME? I DUEL FIRST?
Tristan: YOU SURE
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT, MAN?
HA HA HA!
Tea: YEAH, BAKURA,
YOU SHOULD REALLY BE
IN BED RESTING!
YOU JUST GOT
OUT OF THE HOSPITAL,
REMEMBER!?
Tristan:
YOU SHOULDN'T EVEN
BE WALKING,
LET ALONE DUELING.
[THINKING]
SOMETHIN'S FISHY
ON DIS BLIMP,
AND IT'S NOT
THE BAKED SALMON.
NO WAY HE HEALED DAT FAST!
OH, DON'T WORRY,
I'M FINE...
BEING THE FIRST DUELIST CHOSEN
JUST TOOK ME BY SURPRISE.
STAND BY...
WHILE WE CHOOSE
THE NEXT DUELIST.
PLEASE NOTE THE SELECTION
PROCESS IS FINAL.
WHEN THE SECOND DUELIST
IS CHOSEN,
BOTH PARTICIPANTS
MUST PROCEED DIRECTLY
TO THE ARENA.
Roland: BAKURA'S OPPONENT
IN THE FIRST DUEL IS...
DUELIST NUMBER 3,
YUGI MOTO.
THE FIRST DUEL OF
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
WILL BEGIN IMMEDIATELY
IN THE STRATOS DUELING ARENA.
Bakura: I GUESS
I'M BATTLING YUGI!
THIS SHOULD BE FUN.
[THINKING]
I DON'T TRUST HIM.
INTERESTING.
I WONDER HOW BAKURA
WILL FARE
AGAINST YUGI'S
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
WHEW! GLAD IT'S YUGE
AND NOT ME.
Roland: THIS DUEL
WILL BE PLAYED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH
BATTLE CITY RULES
AND REGULATIONS.
THE LOSER WILL RELINQUISH
HIS RAREST CARD TO THE WINNER
AS WELL AS BE EXPELLED
FROM THE FINALS.
THE WINNER WILL ADVANCE
TO ROUND TWO.
Marik, thinking:
WHEN THE PHARAOH LOSES,
HE'LL HAND
HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
TO THE DUELIST
THEY THINK IS BAKURA.
SOON AFTER,
IT WILL BE MINE!
[THINKING]
MY NECKLACE TELLS ME
THE PHARAOH WILL STRUGGLE
IN THIS DUEL.
[THINKING]
VICTORY WILL BRING ME
ONE STEP CLOSER
TO OBTAINING ALL 7
MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN!
THE ARENA IS LOCATED
IN THE UPPER DECK!
Joey: WHOA!
HOW MANY DECKS
ARE ON THIS THING?
Roland:
DUELISTS 6 AND 3,
FOLLOW ME.
THOSE NOT DUELING ARE
WELCOME TO OBSERVE.
TAKE THE CENTRAL
ELEVATOR
TO THE STRATOS
LEVEL.
AWESOME.
I'M THERE.
Yugi, thinking:
I KNOW THAT'S NOT BAKURA!
IT'S THE EVIL SPIRIT OF
THE MILLENNIUM RING,
AND I BET HE'S STILL AFTER
THE 7 MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
THIS DUEL'S GONNA BE TOUGHER
THAN EVERYONE THINKS!
I WELCOME YOU TO
THE STRATOS DUELING ARENA.
I MUST WIN THIS.
THE FATE OF THE WORLD
DEPENDS ON IT.
Roland: DUELISTS,
TAKE YOUR MARKS.
ELEVATE THE PLAYING FIELD!
Tristan: OH!
Joey: WHOA,
DUELIN' UP
HERE'S INSANE!
Serenity:
AND FREEZING.
OH, LOOK,
HERE COMES THE MASTER
OF CEREMONIES NOW.
ALL RIGHT, I'LL MAKE
THIS SPEECH QUICK
SO WE CAN BEGIN THIS DUEL.
KAIBA KRAFT 3
IS NOW CRUISING
AT AN ALTITUDE OF
4,000 FEET.
THE STRONG WINDS
AND COLD AIR
WILL TEST YOUR STRENGTH
AND STAMINA.
IF YOU CAN'T TAKE IT,
YOU DON'T BELONG HERE.
YEAH! I DIG
THIS LITTLE TWIST!
I HAVE TO ADMIT IT:
KAIBA DOES KNOW
HOW TO THROW
A TOURNAMENT.
Bakura: ARE YOU
PREPARED TO LOSE IT ALL?
Yami-Yugi:
I WON'T LOSE!
BEFORE WE
BEGIN THIS DUEL,
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
WHO YOU REALLY ARE
AND STOP THIS CHARADE?
[CHUCKLES]
ALL RIGHT, HAVE IT
YOUR WAY, THEN,
BUT I THINK I KNOW
WHO YOU ARE.
IT IS YOU!
THE SPIRIT OF
THE MILLENNIUM RING!
HEY, LOOK AT BAKURA!
AW, MAN!
HE'S WEARIN' DAT
MILLENNIUM RING AGAIN!
THAT CAN'T BE!
I GOT RID OF IT
AT DUELIST KINGDOM.
Tristan, voice-over:
I TOSSED THAT THING
INTO THE DEEPEST PART
OF THE WOODS,
MILES FROM ANYWHERE!
I DON'T KNOW HOW
BAKURA GOT IT BACK,
BUT I KNOW IT'S NOT
A GOOD THING!
SO WHY ALL THE FUSS?
WHAT'S AROUND
BAKURA'S NECK?
NAMU...
IT'S KINDA HARD
TO EXPLAIN,
BUT THAT'S NOT
REALLY BAKURA.
YOU LOST ME.
YA SEE,
YUGI AND BAKURA
BOTH HAVE THESE
REAL OLD OBJECTS
DAT HAVE MAGIC POWERS...
YUGI'S ITEM IS GOOD,
BUT BAKURA'S ITEM
IS BAD.
Tea: 'CAUSE AN EVIL SPIRIT
LIVES INSIDE IT.
SO YOU'RE TELLING ME
THERE'S AN EVIL SPIRIT
UP THERE DUELING YUGI?
THAT'S HARD TO BELIEVE.
YEAH, I DIDN'T
BELIEVE IT
AT FIRST EITHER.
I JUST HOPE HE DOESN'T
DRAG YUGE
TO DA SHADOW REALM AGAIN.
DAT'S NOT A PLACE
YA WANNA BE.
[THINKING]
YOU FOOLS!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
THAT I'M REALLY MARIK
AND THAT THE EVIL SPIRIT
UP THERE
IS WORKING FOR ME!
HA HA HA!
WELL, THEN...
NOW THAT THE INTRODUCTIONS
ARE OVER AND DONE WITH,
WHY DON'T WE
BEGIN THIS DUEL?
FIRST, TELL ME
WHY YOU'VE ENTERED
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
AND WHAT IT IS
YOU HOPE TO GAIN!
IS IT ABOUT
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS?
HUH. PERHAPS.
[THINKING]
HOW AMUSING.
HE KNOWS I DESIRE
THE 7 MILLENNIUM ITEMS,
BUT HE HAS NO IDEA
HOW I INTEND TO OBTAIN THEM.
FIRST I'LL WIN
HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
AND DELIVER IT TO MARIK
IN EXCHANGE FOR
THE MILLENNIUM ROD.
THEN SEIZING YUGI'S PUZZLE
WILL BE A SIMPLE TASK.
HA HA HA!
YUGI...
PERHAPS THERE IS
SOMETHING ELSE
THAT I'M PLANNING
TO TAKE AWAY FROM YOU...
BESIDES YOUR
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT!?
YOU ASK A LOT OF QUESTIONS,
DON'T YOU?
THERE IS SO MUCH
ABOUT THIS TOURNAMENT
THAT YOU ARE UNAWARE OF,
SO MANY SECRETS
BEING KEPT FROM YOU.
FOR INSTANCE,
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT
I AM WORKING ALONE?
AND ARE YOU SURE THAT
ONE OF THE PEOPLE
YOU BELIEVE TO BE
YOUR FRIEND
ISN'T REALLY
YOUR GREATEST ENEMY?
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU!
LIES ARE A PART
OF YOUR GAME!
BUT THEY WON'T HELP YOU
IN THIS DUEL!
Marik, thinking:
LISTEN TO ME YOU FOOL!
YOU'RE GIVING HIM
TOO MUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU WANT THE ITEMS,
YOU'RE GOING TO PLAY THIS
BY MY RULES,
UNLESS, OF COURSE,
YOU WANT ME TO
TAKE OVER YOUR MIND
AND DUEL HIM MYSELF!
Yami-Bakura, thinking:
IF YOU COULD HAVE
DEFEATED HIM ON YOUR OWN,
YOU WOULD HAVE DONE IT
BY NOW, MARIK.
I'LL TAKE MY CHANCES!
AND NOW!
THE FIRST DUEL OF
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
WILL BEGIN!
IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
FINISH THIS
EVIL SPIRIT, YUGE!
COME ON, YUGI,
WE'RE WITH YOU!
[THINKING]
LET'S SEE IF YUGI
HAS WHAT IT TAKES
TO USE HIS
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
[THINKING]
AND SO,
THE BATTLE THAT WILL DECIDE
THE FUTURE OF MANKIND BEGINS.
PLEASE TRIUMPH, MY PHARAOH.
JUST KNOW...
WHATEVER IT IS
YOU DESIRE,
YOU WILL FAIL.
NOT QUITE.
IT IS YOU WHO SHALL LOSE...
EVERYTHING YOU HAVE!!
Yami-Bakura:
YUGI, I CAN ASSURE YOU
THAT THE FIRST DUEL
OF THE FINALS
WILL ALSO BE YOUR LAST!
I SHALL BEGIN WITH THIS!
THE PORTRAIT'S SECRET
IN ATTACK MODE!
THAT'LL DO FOR NOW.
Yugi, thinking:
HE PLAYED A REALLY
WEAK MONSTER
IN ATTACK MODE.
THAT'S NOT
A SMART MOVE AT ALL.
HE MUST BE
UP TO SOMETHING.
BUT WHAT?
I DON'T GET IT--
THAT MONSTER'S
NO CHALLENGE AT ALL.
DISMANTLE DAT POSSESSED
PICTURE FRAME!
IS THAT REALLY
ALL YOU'VE GOT?
THEN NOOOOOW
I'LL SUMMON GAZELLE,
THE KING OF
MYTHICAL BEASTS!
[ROAR]
ATTACK
HIS MONSTER NOW!
NOW I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
WHY DON'T YOU
TRY AGAIN?
FINE. NOW
I SHALL PLAY...
THE GROSS GHOST
OF FLED DREAMS IN ATTACK MODE!
YAH! DAT'S FOUL!
ATTACK MY MONSTER
IF YOU DARE.
YOUR GHOST IS NO MATCH
FOR MY GAZELLE,
AND WITH NO TRAP
OR MAGIC CARDS,
YOU CAN'T STOP
MY ATTACK.
Yugi, thinking:
HE MUST WANT ME
TO DESTROY IT
FOR SOME REASON.
I JUST HAVE
TO WIPE OUT
HIS LIFE POINTS
BEFORE HE FINISHES
HIS STRATEGY.
[THINKING]
COME ON, YUGI...
TAKE MY BAIT.
IT'S TIME TO EXTINGUISH
YOUR GHOST,
LEAVING YOUR LIFE POINTS
WIDE OPEN,
AND I'LL DO IT
WITH THIS!
THEN WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR!?
NOTHING!
I SUMMON GAMMA
THE MAGNET WARRIOR!
ATTACK
HIS GHOST NOW!
NOW, KING OF
MYTHICAL BEASTS,
ATTACK HIS LIFE POINTS!
UNH!
COME ON!
CRUSH THIS GUY,
YUGI!
HE'S NOT EVEN
FIGHTING BACK!
YUGI'S WIPED OUT
HALF HIS LIFE POINTS,
AND THE DUEL
JUST STARTED.
[THINKING]
WHAT'S HE DOING!?
I WANT THAT
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!
ALL RIGHT, YUGI,
PERHAPS I'VE MADE THINGS
TOO EASY FOR YOU.
NOT ANYMORE!
THAT'S
WHAT YOU THINK.
LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'VE GOT.
AS YOU WISH.
I SUMMON
THE HEADLESS KNIGHT,
IN ATTACK MODE!
I'M AFRAID I DON'T
SEE YOUR MONSTER.
PERHAPS THAT'S
BECAUSE HE'S A SPIRIT...
HE HIDES IN THE SHADOWS
UNTIL THE TIME IS RIGHT.
HA HA HA!
HMM.
THIS SPIRIT
MAY BE STRONGER
THAN YOUR LAST
TWO MONSTERS,
BUT IT'S STILL
WEAKER THAN MINE!
THEN WHY DON'T YOU
ATTACK IT?
[THINKING]
IF YUGI ATTACKS,
BAKURA'S PLAN MAY SUCCEED,
BUT YUGI HAS NO OTHER CHOICE.
TAKE THIS!
GAMMA THE MAGNET
WARRIOR, ATTACK!
GRR!
NOW, GAZELLE,
ATTACK HIS LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
UNH!
NOW YOU'VE LOST MOST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
Yugi, thinking:
I CAN WIN THIS DUEL
WITH ONE MORE ATTACK!
UNLESS HIS STRATEGY
KICKS IN NOW,
HE'S FINISHED.
SOMETHING STRANGE
IS GOING ON
IN THIS DUEL.
Joey: YEAH. DIS
SEEMS TOO EASY!
OR YUGI'S FIGHTING
THE WORLD'S WORST
DUELIST.
WELL, EITHER WAY,
YUGI'S GONNA
WIN THIS THING
IN HIS NEXT TURN.
TIME TO MAKE
YOUR FINAL MOVE!
HA HA HA!
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
IT'S TIME!
YOU'VE DONE EXACTLY
WHAT I WANTED YOU TO DO.
NOW YOUR DESTRUCTION
BEGINS!
IT'S OVER!
Joey: OVA?
YEAH, FOR HIM!
YUGI'S GOT
THIS CLOWN SET UP
LIKE A BALLOON
ON A DARTBOARD!
IT'S A BLUFF.
IT HAS TO BE--
HE'S GOT NO MONSTERS LEFT!
AND HE'S ALREADY DOWN
TO LESS THAN 500
LIFE POINTS.
[THINKING]
THERE'D BE NO POINT
IN BLUFFING NOW.
BAKURA MUST HAVE
SOMETHING UP HIS SLEEVE--
A PLAN TO TURN THE TABLES.
Yami-Bakura:
I HOLD A CARD
IN MY HAND
WITH DARK POWERS BEYOND
YOUR WILDEST IMAGINATION.
BUT FIRST, BEFORE I COULD
PLAY THIS ALL-POWERFUL CARD,
I NEEDED A BIT
OF ASSISTANCE.
THANKS FOR HELPING ME
DESTROY YOU.
3 OF MY MONSTERS
NEEDED TO BE DESTROYED
BEFORE I COULD
BRING FORTH
MY DARK DESTRUCTOR.
YOU MADE THAT POSSIBLE!
NOW I SUMMON THE BEAST
THAT WILL CAUSE YOUR DEMISE...
DARK NECROFEAR!
[GRUNTS]
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU ARE ABOUT
TO EXPERIENCE!
Yami-Yugi:
I KNEW YOU WERE
PLANNING SOMETHING!
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU STILL FELL
INTO MY TRAP,
AND NOW YOU'RE
ABOUT TO PAY
THE ULTIMATE PRICE!
HA HA HA!
THIS IS IT--
YOU'RE FINISHED, YUGI!
WHAT IS IT?!
THAT MONSTER'S
CREEPIN' ME OUT!
ME, TOO, TRISTAN.
AND IF HE WAS
WILLIN' TA LOSE
ALL A DOSE
LIFE POINTS
TO BRING IT OUT...
IT MUST BE POWERFUL.
DARK NECROFEAR IS
ONE OF THE MOST
DESTRUCTIVE CARDS
IN MY DECK.
YOU'LL NEVER STOP IT.
I KNOW A CARD
IN YUGI'S DECK THAT CAN--
HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
THE MIGHTY SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON.
IT ALL DEPENDS
ON WHETHER OR NOT
YUGI HAS THE COURAGE
TO USE IT.
Yami-Bakura:
STARE INTO THE FACE
OF DEFEAT!
YOU SEE,
NOT ONLY IS
MY MONSTER STRONG...
POSSESSING
MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN EITHER
OF YOUR MONSTERS...
BUT IT ALSO POSSESSES
A DARK MAGIC HIDDEN WITHIN,
WAITING TO ACTIVATE
AND DESTROY YOU!
Yami-Yugi: YOUR MONSTER
MAY BE POWERFUL,
BUT IT'S NOT UNBEATABLE!
[THINKING]
THIS DARK NECROFEAR
MUST POSSESS
INCREDIBLE POWERS
IF BAKURA RISKED
LOSING THE FINALS
JUST TO SUMMON IT.
HE LED YUGI
THROUGH THIS DUEL
LIKE A DOG ON A LEASH,
AND NOW BAKURA HAS HIM
EXACTLY WHERE HE WANTS HIM.
SO, WHAT WILL YOU
DO NOW, YUGI?
I'M NOT READY
TO ATTACK YET,
SO I WILL END MY TURN.
Yugi, thinking:
WHY DIDN'T HE ATTACK ME?
HIS MONSTER COULD
EASILY DESTROY
MY MAGNET WARRIOR
OR MY GAZELLE
AND SERIOUSLY DAMAGE
MY LIFE POINTS!
IS HE WORRIED ABOUT
MY FACEDOWN CARD,
OR IS IT
SOMETHING ELSE?
MAKE YOUR MOVE!
WHEN I'M READY!
YOU WERE
FOOLISH ENOUGH
NOT TO ATTACK ME
WHEN YOU
HAD THE CHANCE.
NOW YOU
SHALL PAY THE PRICE!
AS I DRAW...
THIS!
Yugi, thinking:
AWESOME.
THIS CARD WILL DESTROY
HIS DARK NECROFEAR,
ALLOWING ME
TO WIPE OUT
THE REST OF
HIS LIFE POINTS!
IT'S TIME
TO WIN THIS DUEL!
Yami-Yugi:
I SACRIFICE GAZELLE,
THE KING OF
MYTHICAL BEASTS...
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
MY DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
FOOL. I'M AFRAID
YOUR MAGICAL FAIRY
IS TOO WEAK
TO DESTROY MY MONSTER.
HA HA HA!
THAT'S TRUE.
BUT APPARENTLY
YOU'VE FORGOTTEN
ABOUT MY FACEDOWN
CARD.
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE THE FOOL!
BEHOLD MY
MAGIC FORMULA CARD!
NOOOO!
YES!
MAGIC FORMULA RAISES
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL'S
ATTACK POWER
BY 500 POINTS...
MAKING HER
MORE POWERFUL THAN
YOUR NECROFEAR!
YEAH! ATTABOY!
PUT THAT BIG CREEP
6 FEET UNDER!
AND NOW ATTACK
HIS NECROFEAR...
WITH DARK BURNING
ATTACK!!
[CHUCKLES]
THANKS. ONCE AGAIN,
YOU'VE DONE EXACTLY
WHAT I WANTED, YUGI.
DON'T YOU REALIZE
THAT I'VE MANIPULATED
EVERY MOVE YOU'VE MADE
SO FAR!?
INCLUDING DESTROYING
DARK NECROFEAR!
SO I CAN PLAY THIS!
HUH?
WHAT'S GOING ON!?
WATCH AS THE ENTIRE
PLAYING FIELD
IS ENGULFED IN
A SHROUD OF DARK MAGIC
KNOWN AS DARK SANCTUARY.
HA HA HA!
Joey: AAH!
IT'S THE EVIL
EYES!
I DON'T LIKE THIS!
Yami-Bakura:
LOOK AROUND YOU!
THERE'S NO ESCAPING
THE MAGIC OF DARK SANCTUARY!
WELL DONE!
EVERYTHING HAD TO GO
JUST RIGHT FOR THIS TO WORK,
AND YOU PLAYED YOUR PART
PERFECTLY!
NOW WHAT?
JUST WAIT.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'VE JUST
HELPED ME TO UNLEASH!
PREPARE TO EXPERIENCE
AN EVIL
LIKE YOU'VE NEVER
SEEN BEFORE!